LUKE DAILEY

Law graduate turned technologist with a strong desire to apply my skills to exciting new technologies in the AI/ML industry. Mixture of technical, project management and commercial skills gained from cross-departmental role at Luminance building strong client relationships and client champions, best summarised as Customer Success.  Programmer with a mix of hardware and software skills. Very familiar with Javascript (server- and client-side) and Python.
Located in LONDON

Contact Details:
LUKEDAILEY34@HOTMAIL.CO.UK 
+44(0)7852 486453

PASSION PROJECTS

VR development (2020): Proficient in Unreal Engine 4 and 3D modelling software such as Blender.
Electronics (2020-2023): Electronic irrigation system, 3D LiDAR sensor, VR climbing wall (link here) .
Dytto Chrome Extension built using mostly Javascript and with an AWS deployed node.js server.
ChatGPT Job Application chatbot.

SKILLS
* Software: AppleScript, Unity, Blender, Meshlab, Rush, InDesign, UE4, Python, HTML, CSS, Javascript, REST APIs
* Languages: English (fluent), French (proficient), Latin (proficient)
* Communication: verbal communication, building client relationships, 
* Teamwork: co-operation, negotiation, mediation, coordination.
* Leadership: self-management, decision-making, calm under pressure, open-mindedness, delegation, conflict management, stakeholder engagement
* Strong work ethic: discipline, fast learner, self-starter, motivated
* Problem Solving: Innovative, strong maths skills, analytical approach, strong research skills

EXPERIENCE:

LUMINANCE | London, UK
Senior Product Specialist - March 2020 to Present
Technical lead on POV/POCs with C-level executives and decision makers. Transitioned to responsibilities leading and mentoring within the support and product specialist teams across multiple products, plus ownership of integrations and Public API, with a focus on overall Customer Success.

Operations Analyst and Project Manager March 2019 to 2020
Designed and implemented client-side and internal data management and project lifecycle processes for the eDiscovery product, and supported sales team.

IPSEA (Independent Provider of Special Education Advice) | London, UK
Tribunal Support Worker - March 2015 to August 2022
Volunteer supporting children with special educational needs: responsibilities include case management, legal research, and representation at tribunals.

BANKI HADDOCK FIORA LLP | Sydney, AU
Paralegal - August 2018 to January 2019
Learnt AppleScript and built app for creating bundles quickly. Co-authored 3 articles published in respected legal journal.

GILBERT + TOBIN LLP | Sydney, AU
IP Litigation Paralegal - February 2018 to August 2018
Worked on high level IP litigation, including multiple software matters. Was offered training contract for the IP department.

ALLEN & GLEDHILL LLP | Singapore
IP Litigation Paralegal - August 2017 - September 2017
Document review and research, built relationships over an 8-week period which last to this day.

EDUCATION
UNIVERSITY COLLEGE LONDON | London, UK - 2013 - 2017
Bachelor of Laws, LLB - Upper 2:1

Graduated from WASHINGTON INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL | Washington D.C., USA - 2011-2013
International Baccalaureate (IB) - 40/45 Points

Scored 2090 on the SATs




